Refine the readme file (#1)
MaggieCabrera/community-themes: README.md

## About

> WordPress is in a new era of theming and site creation overall. This repo exists to encourage folks both experienced and new to WordPress to contribute more themes — demonstrating what can be done and how. This way, we learn from and inspire each other faster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
WordPress is in a new era of theming and site creation. This repo encourages both experienced and new  WordPress contributors to create more themes — demonstrating what can be done and how. This way we learn from and inspire each other.
```

> The aim of this repo is to submit the block themes to the WordPress.org themes directory under the WordPress user, ensuring the quality of the code and design of said themes. Hopefully this initiative will help more users without prior theming knowledge or who don't code to create high quality themes by themeselves using the new tools available to us.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The aim of this repo is to submit the block themes to the WordPress.org themes directory under the WordPress user, ensuring the quality of the code and design of said themes. This initiative will help more users without prior theming knowledge or who don't code to create high quality themes by themselves using the new site building tools.
```

## About

> This repo is starting because WordPress is in a new era of theming and site creation overall, to encourage folks both experienced and new to WordPress to contribute more themes and demonstrate what can be done and how. This way, we learn from / inspire each other faster.

Reviewer 2: Just some wording suggestions. What do you think the benefit to submitting them here is versus the wordpress.org/themes repo directly?

```suggestion
WordPress is in a new era of theming and site creation overall. This repo exists to encourage folks both experienced and new to WordPress to contribute more themes — demonstrating what can be done and how. This way, we learn from and inspire each other faster.
```

Author: Good suggestion, I'll expand on the benefits of this idea!

WordPress is in a new era of theming and site creation overall. This repo exists to encourage folks both experienced and new to WordPress to contribute more themes — demonstrating what can be done and how. This way, we learn from and inspire each other faster.

> The aim of this repo is to submit the block themes to the WordPress.org themes directory under the WordPress user, ensuring the quality of the code and design of said themes. Hopefully this initiative will help more users without prior theming knowledge or who don't code to create high quality themes by themeselves using the new tools available to us.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The aim of this repo is to submit the block themes to the WordPress.org themes directory under the WordPress user, ensuring the quality of the code and design of said themes. Hopefully this initiative will help more users without prior theming knowledge or who don't code to create high quality themes by themselves using the new tools available to us.
```

### How to contribute a new theme

You can contribute with code, designs or discussion. 

> If you want to submit a theme design, you can include a figma link or a zip file of your theme created using the Create Block Theme plugin. You can use the [Twenty Twenty-Three Figma Mockups](https://www.figma.com/community/file/1139275543113752375) as a reference.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To submit a theme design, include a Figma link or a zip file of your theme created using the Create Block Theme plugin. You can use the [Twenty Twenty-Three Figma Mockups](https://www.figma.com/community/file/1139275543113752375) as a reference.
```

> We will kickstart this innitiative building child themes of Twenty Twenty-Three. The themes can include as many or as few templates as you prefer, and the rest will be inherited by the parent theme.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
We will kickstart this initiative by building child themes of Twenty Twenty-Three. The themes can include as many or as few templates as you prefer, and the rest will be inherited from the parent theme.
```
